vault: adding breaking change to important changes (#2612)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/global/partials/important-changes/breaking-changes/policy-template-wildcards.mdx

### Wildcards and globs not permitted in templated policy paths ((#policy-template-wildcards))

<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v2.x -->
| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------
| Breaking     | 2.0.1+           | All
<!-- END: Vault:=v2.x -->
<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.21.x -->
| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------
| Breaking     | 1.21.6+          | All
<!-- END: Vault:=v1.21.x -->
<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.20.x -->
| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------
| Breaking     | 1.20.11+         | All
<!-- END: Vault:=v1.20.x -->
<!-- BEGIN: Vault:=v1.19.x -->
| Change       | Affected version | Vault edition
| ------------ | ---------------- | -------------
| Breaking     | 1.19.17+         | All
<!-- END: Vault:=v1.19.x -->

Wildcards (`+`) and globs (`*`) are not permitted in an identity template's
rendered output, and will result in a "permission denied" response from Vault.

For example, the following policy template will fail if

> `region="amer/+/us-west"` is set in the `education` group's metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault does not permit wildcards (`+`) and globs (`*`) in the rendered output for
identity templates and returns a "permission denied" response.

For example, the following policy template fails if you set
`region="amer/+/us-west"` in the `education` group's metadata:
```
Style correction: write in active voice, avoid possessives

```hcl
path "group-kv/data/education/{{identity.groups.names.education.metadata.region}}/*" {
    capabilities = [ "create", "update", "read", "delete", "list" ]
}
```

#### Recommendation

> Avoid wildcards and globs in an identity template's rendered output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid wildcards and globs in the rendered output for identity templates. 
```
Style correction: avoid possessives
